Familiar with technology golang php typescript mysql mongodb redis kafka docker nginx linux git

Work experience

2024, 1 - now Shenzhen Jintaihua Network Technology Co., Ltd.

Position Architect

Responsible for the company's app, mini-program backend technical architecture, with tens of millions of users and a maximum QPS of 150,000.
Adopting technology gin websocket mysql kafka redis docker nginx proxy cluster.

2022, 3 - 2023, 12 Guangzhou Yide Network Technology Co., Ltd.

Position Senior Golang Development Engineer

Main project experience:

Responsible for the development of the MetaCity (Metaverse) project, which is a 3D large-scale virtual game that simulates reality.
In the Metaverse world, you can buy land, build houses, buy furniture, fight monsters, etc. Mainly responsible for:

1. Code optimization, mysql, mongodb database optimization.

2. Sub-service development, split and reorganize the original microservices.
3. Module development for career, home, friends, chat, mining, team, data storage queue, etc.
4. Train junior and intermediate backend colleagues.
Performance:
Performance appraisal is 90+ (100 points) every month, which is the best level.
The main technologies used are golang, mongodb, redis, nats, docker

2021, 8 - 2022, 3 Guangzhou Tianzong Network Technology Co., Ltd.

Position Senior Golang Development Engineer

Main project experience:
Participate in the backend development of the mobile game Guarding the Mountains and Seas.
Guarding the Mountains and Seas is a multiplayer online mobile game, which is exclusively distributed by Xiaomi in China. The gameplay is tower defense + strategy.
I am responsible for developing some systems and assisting the main program to do a good job in system architecture and performance optimization,.
such as: World BOSS, Liangyi Fighting, God Array Map, Xutian Baoding, Limited Time Leader, Cross-server Flying Sword Conference Competition, MySQL optimization,
and communication optimization between coroutines, microservice module extraction.
The main technologies used are golang, kafka, mysql, grpc

Worked at Guangzhou Qiankexing Network Technology Co., Ltd. from 2015 to 2021

Position Founder and Technical Director

The second startup company mainly produces medium and light games, and the maximum number of people in the company is 15.

Main project experience:

1. Touch Her Heart, a medium-to-light casual mobile game. The project was completed by me alone, and the front and back ends were written together.
Since the game does not require real-time interaction, the back end only uses short links, and gin (golang) + mysql was used to do it.
GP game downloads exceeded 10 million, the data volume is large, and the technical difficulty lies in mysql optimization.

2. Fish Fish Grow Up, a medium-to-light casual mobile game. A mobile game similar to the ball battle.
Mainly responsible for back-end development, the technology uses gin (golang) + mysql + redis.

3. Build a company user data analysis system to analyze user activity, retention, behavioral preferences, props sales, etc. The technology used is php + mysql + redis
4. Manage the company's server (Linux), including environment construction, project deployment, data backup and migration, etc.

2010-2015 Guangzhou Kuaiyou Network Co., Ltd.

Position Main founder and back-end developer

Main project experience:

1. Fantasy Three Kingdoms RPG web game. Mainly responsible for back-end development and front-end task system development.
The back-end online part uses java + netty. Data and logic use php + mysql. QQ space and 4399 are both online.

2. Zuiyou Three Kingdoms RPG web game. Responsible for back-end development, using java + netty technology, php + mysql as auxiliary.
The game was launched on the 4399 platform, with about 2,500 people online at the same time on a single server, in a rolling server mode.

3. Build a company user data analysis system to analyze user activity, retention, behavioral preferences, props sales, etc. The technology used is php + mysql

4. Responsible for company recruitment and team building. The maximum number of people in the company is up to 25.

2009-2010 Guangzhou Zhongzhi Technology Co., Ltd.

Position Software Engineer

Job Description: Educational game development, participating in the front-end development of educational game products.
During the work period, I mainly developed some simple stand-alone educational games. The more difficult ones were simulation circuit games,
and the circuit algorithms were more difficult. I was also responsible for the development of the company's small game framework.

Educational Background

Graduated from Guangdong University of Technology in 2009. Major: Computer Science and Technology

During college, I received the second-class academic scholarship and the second-class comprehensive scholarship in most semesters, and the third-class scholarship
in some semesters, and joined the party in my sophomore year.

Self-evaluation

I like reading, hard work, active and responsible, know how to prioritize things, have a pioneering spirit, and be punctual.